OVM updates - future functions (#51)
ObolNetwork/obol-gitbook: learn/intro/obol-splits.md

### Roles

Obol Validator Managers implement standard Role-Based Access Control. The OVM has the following roles that can be granted by the OVM owner, using the `grantRoles()` function.

* `WITHDRAWAL_ROLE`: Permits an address to trigger a partial withdrawal, or full exit of all validators managed by this contract using [EIP7002](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7002).
* `CONSOLIDATION_ROLE`: Permits an address to initiate a consolidation between one or more source validators and a target validator, all managed by this contract. All source and target validators must be active with a balance greater than 32 ether.
* `SET_PRINCIPAL_ROLE`: Permits an address to change the recipient of the principal returned when validators exit, or a withdrawal above the principalThreshold is initiated. Also this permits an address to adjust the amount of principal stake being tracked by the contract.
* `RECOVER_FUNDS_ROLE`: Permits an address to initiate `ERC20.transfer()` calls to arbitrary external addresses, with the intent to recover otherwise stuck tokens.
* `SET_REWARD_ROLE`: Permits an address to change the recipient of the reward when `distributeFunds()` is called.

> * `DEPOSIT_ROLE`: Permits an address to call the `deposit()` function.

Reviewer: this is super nitpicky, but should we alphabetise or logically order these roles? e.g. withdrawal first, deposit last seems weird. 
Logical order: deposit, consolidate, withdraw, set principal, set rewards, recover funds. 
alphabetic order: consolidate, deposit, set principal, set rewards, recover funds, withdraw. 

i think i favour the 'logical' ordering

Author: Perfect point, updated to match the suggested logical ordering.

{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}

> Because the consolidation process is an asynchronous operation handled by the system contract, it is impossible to account for the deposited principal amount from the source validators. As a result, the principal of the consolidated validators is treated as a reward by the target OVM. The target OVM can use `setAmountOfPrincipalStake()` function to adjust the current principal amount of stake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to permissionlessly consolidate a validator into (or out of) an OVM. This could result in the OVM's `amountOfPrincipalStake()` not accurately reflecting the true amount of stake on validators exiting to the OVM withdrawal address. This could result in more (or less) ether being treated as reward, and disbursed to the rewardRecipient address. The owner of the OVM or any address with the `SET_PRINCIPAL_ROLE` can update the amount of Ether treated as principal with the `setAmountOfPrincipalStake()` function. 
```
